how would you explain something
technical to a non-technical person



to begin with I would assess their
knowledge by asking them questions to
gauge where they were from a technical
perspective I would make sure I avoided
technical jargon when describing
anything technical I would use visual
drawings and diagrams to explain
technical Concepts and I would use
familiar objects scenarios and
terminology to explain what it was I was
trying to describe I would explain
everything to them more than once and I
would ask quiz based questions to ensure
they fully understood my explanations
finally I would leave ample time for the
individual to ask me questions and I
would make sure I answered them clearly
and concisely so if you give that answer
quickly straight away after that
question is asked it shows that you have
the communication skills and the style
of communication the adaptable style to
tailor for everyone's needs especially
people who have limited technical


begin
would
assess
their
knowledge
by
asking
them
questions
gauge
where
were
from
technical
perspective
make
sure
avoided
jargon
when
describing
anything
visual
drawings
diagrams
explain
Concepts
familiar
objects
scenarios
terminology
what
was
trying
describe
everything
more
than
once
ask
quiz
based
ensure
fully
understood
explanations
finally
leave
ample
time
individual
answered
clearly
concisely
give
answer
quickly
straight
away
after
question
asked
shows
have
communication
skills
style
adaptable
tailor
everyone's
needs
especially
people
who
limited






